Update readme with more examples (#110)
xataio/client-ts: README.md

```ts
import { XataClient } from './xata';

> const xata = new XataClient({

Reviewer: 👍

`XataClient` only has two required arguments: `branch` and `apiKey`. `fetch` is required only if your runtime doesn't provide a global `fetch` function. There's also a `databaseURL` argument that by default will contain a URL pointing to your database (e.g. `https://myworkspace-123abc.xata.sh/db/databasename`), it can be specified in the constructor to overwrite that value if for whatever reason you need to connect to a different workspace or database.

> The code generator will create two typescript types for each schema entity. The base one will be an `Identifiable` entity with the internal properties you're entity has and the `Record` one will extend it with a set of operations (update, delete, etc...) and some schema metadata (xata version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code generator will create two TypeScript types for each schema entity. The base one will be an `Identifiable` entity with the internal properties your entity has and the `Record` one will extend it with a set of operations (update, delete, etc...) and some schema metadata (xata version).
```

```ts
interface User extends Identifiable {
  email?: string | null;
}

type UserRecord = User & XataRecord;

async function initializeDatabase(admin: User): Promise<UserRecord> {
  return xata.db.users.create(admin);
}

const admin = await initializeDatabase({ email: 'admin@example.com' });
await admin.update({ email: 'admin@foo.bar' });
await admin.delete();
```

You will learn more about the available operations below, under the `API Design` section.

### Schema-less Client

If you don't have a schema file, or you are building a generic way to interact with Xata, you can use the `BaseClient` class without schema validation.

```ts
import { BaseClient } from '@xata/client';

const xata = new BaseClient({
  branch: 'branchname',
  apiKey: 'xau_1234abcdef',
  fetch: fetchImplementation // Required if your runtime doesn't provide a global `fetch` function.
});
```

> It works the same way as the code-generated `XataClient` but lacks the type-safety of your model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works the same way as the code-generated `XataClient` but doesn't provide type-safety for your model.
```

I think "lacks" is a bit negative.

You can read more on the methods available below, under the `API Design` section.

## API Design

The Xata SDK to create/read/update/delete records follows the repository pattern. Each table will have a repository object available at `xata.db.[table-name]`.

> For example if you have a `users` table there'll be a repository at `xata.db.users`. If you're using the schema-less client, you can also use the `xata.db.[table-name]` syntax to access the repository but without typescript auto-completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if you have a `users` table there'll be a repository at `xata.db.users`. If you're using the schema-less client, you can also use the `xata.db.[table-name]` syntax to access the repository but without TypeScript auto-completion.
```

});
```

If you want to create a record with a specific ID, you can invoke `insert()`.

```ts
const user = await xata.db.users.insert('user_admin', {

>   full_name: 'John Smith'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fullName: 'John Smith'
```

I know we were not using camel case in other examples, but I mainly did that because of the default schema file that `xata init` generates. However I think it'd better to use camel case in our docs.

});
```

And if you want to create or insert a record with a specific ID, you can invoke `updateOrInsert()`.

```ts
const user = await client.db.users.updateOrInsert('user_admin', {

>   full_name: 'John Smith'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fullName: 'John Smith'
```
